index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "Computer Systems Fundamentals, Fall 2024"
category: "home"
---

Welcome to the website for Computer Systems Fundamentals (Fall 2024)
at <a href="https://www.jhu.edu/">Johns Hopkins University</a>!

The course is about *computer systems* from the *programmer's
perspective*.  We'll be making a fairly deep dive into topics such
as data representation, memory, assembly language, CPU architecture,
networks, and concurrency.  By the end of the course you'll know a lot
about how modern computers really work and how to take advantage of
their advanced features.

All public information about the course (readings, assignments, etc.) will
be posted on this website.

Use the links above to navigate the site.  The [Syllabus](syllabus.html)
describes course policies. The [Schedule](schedule.html) is the schedule
of readings and exams.  The [Assignments](assignments.html) page has
links to the programming assignments and indicates when they are due.
The [Resources](resources.html) page has links to useful resources.

## Important links

* Courselore (ask questions here!): <https://courselore.org/>
* Gradescope (assignment submission): <https://www.gradescope.com/>

Check out the [Gradescope Information](gradescope.html) page
for information about logging into Gradescope. (Unless you added the
course after the semester started, you're likely already registered,
and you can use these instructions to log in.)

Please email <daveho@cs.jhu.edu> if you need to get access to Courselore or
Gradescope.

## News

* **Sep 15** — [Assignment 2](assign/assign02.html) has been updated to
  correct the image processing program command line syntax and examples
  (i.e., how to run the `c_imgproc` and `asm_imgproc` programs.)
* **Sep 10** — [Assignment 2](assign/assign02.html) has three milestones,
  due Friday, Sep 20th, Friday, Sep 27th, and Friday, Oct 4th, respectively.
* **Aug 26** — [Assignment 1](assign/assign01.html) has two milestones,
  due Wednesday, Sep 4th and Wednesday, Sep 11th, respectively.
* **Aug 21** — Welcome back! If you would like to borrow an iClicker remote
  for the semester (you will need one), please [fill out and submit the
  iClicker loan form](https://forms.gle/JnrDwMocCpMpj4jC6) and
  pick up your iClicker at either of the following times/locations:
  1. Sunday, Aug 25th, 1–3 pm, Malone 240A
  2. Monday, Aug 26th, 7-8:30 am, outside Hackerman B-17

Commit message:

move A2 MS1 due date to Monday 9/23

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "Computer Systems Fundamentals, Fall 2024"
category: "home"
---

Welcome to the website for Computer Systems Fundamentals (Fall 2024)
at <a href="https://www.jhu.edu/">Johns Hopkins University</a>!

The course is about *computer systems* from the *programmer's
perspective*.  We'll be making a fairly deep dive into topics such
as data representation, memory, assembly language, CPU architecture,
networks, and concurrency.  By the end of the course you'll know a lot
about how modern computers really work and how to take advantage of
their advanced features.

All public information about the course (readings, assignments, etc.) will
be posted on this website.

Use the links above to navigate the site.  The [Syllabus](syllabus.html)
describes course policies. The [Schedule](schedule.html) is the schedule
of readings and exams.  The [Assignments](assignments.html) page has
links to the programming assignments and indicates when they are due.
The [Resources](resources.html) page has links to useful resources.

## Important links

* Courselore (ask questions here!): <https://courselore.org/>
* Gradescope (assignment submission): <https://www.gradescope.com/>

Check out the [Gradescope Information](gradescope.html) page
for information about logging into Gradescope. (Unless you added the
course after the semester started, you're likely already registered,
and you can use these instructions to log in.)

Please email <daveho@cs.jhu.edu> if you need to get access to Courselore or
Gradescope.

## News

* **Sep 20** — In order to give you time to consider feedback from Assignment 1 MS2
  grading (which will be released soon), we have moved the due date for
  [Assignment 2](assign/assign02.html) MS1 to Monday, Sept 23rd. Note that the due
  dates for MS2 and MS3 will *not* change, so you are still expected to start
  working on those milestones ASAP.
* **Sep 15** — [Assignment 2](assign/assign02.html) has been updated to
  correct the image processing program command line syntax and examples
  (i.e., how to run the `c_imgproc` and `asm_imgproc` programs.)
* **Sep 10** — [Assignment 2](assign/assign02.html) has three milestones,
  due Friday, Sep 20th, Friday, Sep 27th, and Friday, Oct 4th, respectively.
* **Aug 26** — [Assignment 1](assign/assign01.html) has two milestones,
  due Wednesday, Sep 4th and Wednesday, Sep 11th, respectively.
* **Aug 21** — Welcome back! If you would like to borrow an iClicker remote
  for the semester (you will need one), please [fill out and submit the
  iClicker loan form](https://forms.gle/JnrDwMocCpMpj4jC6) and
  pick up your iClicker at either of the following times/locations:
  1. Sunday, Aug 25th, 1–3 pm, Malone 240A
  2. Monday, Aug 26th, 7-8:30 am, outside Hackerman B-17
